docs: Adding reverse proxy and Let's Encrypt example (#195)
caddyserver/website: src/docs/markdown/quick-starts/reverse-proxy.md

Then make a request to [localhost](https://localhost) (or whatever address you specified in `--from`) to see it working!

> You can also automatically bind `caddy` reverse proxy to a public IP address and have a Let's Encrypt certificate issued for.
> This command will automatically issue a TLS certificate for `mywebsite.example.com` and start reverse proxy.
> 
> <pre><code class="cmd bash">caddy reverse-proxy --from https://mywebsite.example.com --to 127.0.0.1:9000</code></pre>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a public domain name to use, Caddy can serve your proxy over HTTPS using a trusted certificate automatically:

<pre><code class="cmd bash">caddy reverse-proxy --from example.com --to 127.0.0.1:9000</code></pre>
```

Reviewer 2: > (And what's up with the change at the end of the file?)

Some IDEs add or remove the extra newline at the end depending on settings, and it ends up rendering like that in github.
